
About the job
Trading | Financial Markets | Interest Rates Derivatives Trader - Director | New York

About ING: 



Ranked #8 on LinkedIn Top Companies in Financial Services 

Crain’s 100 Best Places to Work

Ragan’s Top Places to Work in 2023



In Americas, ING’s Wholesale Banking division offers a broad range of innovative financial products and services to domestic and international corporate and institutional clients.



When you come to work at ING, you’re joining a team where individuality isn’t just accepted, it’s encouraged. We’ve built a culture that’s fun, friendly and supportive – it’s the kind of place where you can be yourself and make the most of whatever you have to offer.



We give people the freedom to take risks, think differently, take ownership of their work, and make great things happen. We’re here to help you get ahead. And with our global network, there’s plenty of scope to take your career in new directions, perhaps even ones you’ve never considered. ING Americas follows a hybrid work model, allowing for in-office / work from home flexibility. Hybrid work arrangements vary based on business area.



Sound like the kind of place you’d feel at home? We’d love to hear from you.



About the position: 

ING is looking for an experienced Interest Rates Derivatives trader to join the ING NY Financial Markets division as a Director reporting to the Trading Desk Head. The mandate will be to trade G10 linear products across Rates and FX to offer competitively priced solutions to ING’s clients which include Corporates and Financial Institutions.

About the department:

ING New York Financial Markets delivers financial products to our Corporate and Financial Institutional clients in a way that is superior while resulting in strong business results.



Responsibilities :

Provide competitive pricing, execution, and hedging of interest rates and FX derivatives to internal and external stakeholders with primary focus on USD and secondary focus on other G10 currencies.

Maximize profitability by taking appropriate market risk and managing client flow while keeping within the risk limits and approved product mandates.
Ensure Financial targets of the desk are met or exceeded.
Contribute to the constant improvement of the trading systems and infrastructure including ING’s e-trading offering.
Work closely with Global Sales Team to foster and maintain the client franchise by providing market color and identifying trading opportunities for ING’s clients.

Contribute to the development of new products by working closely together with Front-Office Quants and Developers

Be aware of key regulatory developments together with FM Regulatory / Legal teams and with Business Management, understand the possible impact to business as well as possible opportunities.




Qualifications and Competencies

Bachelor’s degree in Math, Engineering, Physics, Finance, Economics or closely-related quantitative field from an accredited U.S school (or equivalent)

At least 7 years of relevant markets and trading experience
Market expertise in linear interest rate products, including swaps, XCCY swaps, futures, cash bonds (UST), T-locks, invoice spreads
Coding proficiency (VBA, python) desirable
Series 7, 63 registrations required
Self-starter, results oriented mentality and eye for high quality and integrity standards
Genuine team player who gets things done and helps others be successful
Critical mindset and willing to be part of the solution
Willing to take ownership of issues, create transparency, and build trusted relationships to win support and create benefits for both clients and ING
Openness to expand knowledge beyond current expertise, keen to step outside of comfort zone
Strong communication and collaboration skills




Salary Range $275K - $325K



In addition to comprehensive health benefits, a generous 401k savings plan, and competitive PTO, ING provides a broad array of benefits including adoption, surrogacy, and fertility services; student debt assistance; and subsidies for expenses associated with working from home, commuting, and fitness.